readme.md, before:

# Polytiramisu

Simple script to display tiramisu notifications in polybar. 

This was inspired by [polynotifications](https://github.com/tam-carre/polynotifications) scripts (which did not work for me), but made in a more minimal way and is meant to work out of the box without special settings for tiramisu. At the moment there is no notification history, each notification is shown once and that's it.

![screenshot](screenshot.png)

## Installation


1. Install [tiramisu](https://github.com/Sweets/tiramisu) notification daemon.

2. Download `polytiramisu.sh` to `~/.config/polybar/scripts/` and make it executable:

```
git clone https://github.com/anufrievroman/polytiramisu
cp polytiramisu/polytiramisu.sh $HOME/.config/polybar/scripts/
chmod =rwx $HOME/.config/polybar/scripts/polytiramisu.sh
```

3. Add this module in your polybar config (and verify the path):

```
modules-left = polytiramisu

[module/polytiramisu]
type = custom/script
# Path to where you put polytiramisu.sh:
exec = ~/.config/polybar/scripts/polytiramisu.sh
format = <label>
tail = true
```

## Troubleshooting

To verify that notifications are working, send a test notification: `notify-send "Test notification"`

If you see no notifications, try these steps:

- Make sure you have no other notification daemons (for example, dunst) running. Only one notification daemon can run at a time.
- You don't need to manually run tiramisu, the polytiramisu script will run it. So `killall tiramisu` and restart the polybar.
- If you restarted polybar several times, there might be several zombie instances of polytiramisu running. Kill them all (using htop for example) or just logout and log back in to start from fresh.

## Settings

- In the `polytiramisu.sh` you can choose the character limit `char_limit` and notification duration `display_duration`.
- To choose notification fields to display, add or remove `#source`, `#summary`, and `#body` in the line that says `tiramisu -o '#summary #body' |`.
- You can customize font and color of notifications via polybar settings. For example:
```
format-font = 2
format-foreground = #ffffff
```

Commit message:

Replace app names with icons from nerd font

readme.md, after:

# Polytiramisu

Simple script to display tiramisu notifications in polybar. 

This was inspired by [polynotifications](https://github.com/tam-carre/polynotifications) scripts (which did not work for me), but made in a more minimal way and is meant to work out of the box without special settings for tiramisu. At the moment there is no notification history, each notification is shown once and that's it.

![screenshot](screenshot.png)

## Installation


1. Install [tiramisu](https://github.com/Sweets/tiramisu) notification daemon.

2. Download `polytiramisu.sh` to `~/.config/polybar/scripts/` and make it executable:

```
git clone https://github.com/anufrievroman/polytiramisu
cp polytiramisu/polytiramisu.sh $HOME/.config/polybar/scripts/
chmod =rwx $HOME/.config/polybar/scripts/polytiramisu.sh
```

3. Add this module in your polybar config (and verify the path):

```
modules-left = polytiramisu

[module/polytiramisu]
type = custom/script
# Path to where you put polytiramisu.sh:
exec = ~/.config/polybar/scripts/polytiramisu.sh
format = <label>
tail = true
```

## Troubleshooting

To verify that notifications are working, send a test notification: `notify-send "Test notification"`

If you see no notifications, try these steps:

- Make sure you have no other notification daemons (for example, dunst) running. Only one notification daemon can run at a time.
- You don't need to manually run tiramisu, the polytiramisu script will run it. So `killall tiramisu` and restart the polybar.
- If you restarted polybar several times, there might be several zombie instances of polytiramisu running. Kill them all (using htop for example) or just logout and log back in to start from fresh.

## Settings

- In the `polytiramisu.sh` you can choose the character limit `char_limit` and notification duration `display_duration`.
- To choose notification fields to display, add or remove `#source`, `#summary`, and `#body` in the line that says `tiramisu -o '#summary #body' |`.
- If you use nerdfont, you can replace app names with icons by setting `use_nerd_font="true"` and adding corresponding lines (see examples in the script).
- You can customize font and color of notifications via polybar settings. For example:
```
format-font = 2
format-foreground = #ffffff
```
